readme.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome Books
## Awesome books: plain JavaScript with objects

In this project, We are build a basic website that allows users to add/remove books from a list. We are achieve that by using JavaScript objects and arrays. And also we are are using it to dynamically modify the DOM and add basic events.

## Basic Works
 - Add book, Remove book
 - Data preserve to local storage
 - When page refreshed local storage data can be displayed

 ![screenshot](/screenhots/1.png)

## :red_circle: Live Demo

[Live Preview Link](https://habasm.github.io/awsomebooks/)

## :hammer: Built With

- HTML and JavaScript

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps:

1. Go to the [repository page](https://github.com/habasm/awsomebooks/pull/1).
2. Press the "Code" button and copy the link.
3. Clone it using git command `git clone <link>`.

## :blue_book: Learning Objectives

- Understand different ways to create objects in JavaScript.
- Create and access properties and methods of JavaScript objects.

## Authors

👤 **HABASM**

- GitHub: [@HabAsm](https://github.com/HABASM)

👤 **Wahaj Ali**

- GitHub: [@Wahaj Ali](https://github.com/Wahaj-Ali)
- Twitter: [@](https://twitter.com/Ali96Wahaj)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wahaj-ali96/)


## 🤝 :raised_hand: :raised_hand: Contributions

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/habasm/portfolio/issues).

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to Microverse

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

a complete website with navigation activity-Awesome books

readme.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Awesome Books
## Awesome books: a complete website with navigation

In this project, We are taking the Awesome books application and convert it into a fully functional website. We are refactoring the project to add three new sections on top of the two sections you have already completed: Books list (done), Add book form (done), a new Contact info section, a Navigation bar, and a Footer.

## Learning objects

- Understand the concept of single page application.
- Use JavaScript to manipulate DOM elements.
- Use JavaScript events.

## Basic Works
 - Add book, Remove book
 - Data preserve to local storage
 - When page refreshed local storage data can be displayed
 - Section management in the same page via javascript   manipulations.

 ![screenshot](/screenhots/1.png)
 ![screenshot](/screenhots/2.png)
 ![screenshot](/screenhots/3.png)

## :red_circle: Live Demo

[Live Preview Link](https://habasm.github.io/awsomebooks/)

## :hammer: Built With

- HTML and JavaScript

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple steps:

1. Go to the [repository page](https://github.com/habasm/awsomebooks/pull/1).
2. Press the "Code" button and copy the link.
3. Clone it using git command `git clone <link>`.

## :blue_book: Learning Objectives

- Understand different ways to create objects in JavaScript.
- Create and access properties and methods of JavaScript objects.

## Authors

👤 **HABASM**

- GitHub: [@HabAsm](https://github.com/HABASM)

👤 **Wahaj Ali**

- GitHub: [@Wahaj Ali](https://github.com/Wahaj-Ali)
- Twitter: [@](https://twitter.com/Ali96Wahaj)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wahaj-ali96/)


## 🤝 :raised_hand: :raised_hand: Contributions

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/habasm/portfolio/issues).

## Acknowledgments

- Thanks to Microverse

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](LICENSE) licensed.
